Ruby::BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
Sapphire::The seeds ringing BRELOOM’s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this POKéMON’s seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
FireRed::The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches.
LeafGreen::The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches.
Emerald::It scatters spores from holes in the cap on its head. It loves warm and humid climates. It feeds on trees and plants in fields and forests.
Diamond::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Peal::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Platinum::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
HeartGold::It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
SoulSilver::It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
Black::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
White::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Black 2::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
White 2::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
X::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Y::It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
Omega Ruby::Breloom closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This Pokémon’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
Alpha Sapphire::The seeds ringing Breloom’s tail are made of hardened toxic spores. It is horrible to eat the seeds. Just taking a bite of this Pokémon’s seed will cause your stomach to rumble.
Brilliant Diamond::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Shining Pearl::Its short arms stretch when it throws punches. Its technique is equal to that of pro boxers.
Scarlet::It scatters poisonous spores and throws powerful punches while its foe is hampered by inhaled spores.
Violet::The seeds on its tail are made of toxic spores. It knocks out foes with quick, virtually invisible punches.